modifying documentation so the readthedocs page shows ARTEMIS (#81)
ECP-WarpX/artemis: Docs/source/index.rst

:orphan:

> ARTEMIS
> -----

Reviewer: `.rst` is a bit strict on alignments:
```suggestion
ARTEMIS
-------
```

> ARTEMIS is an advanced **electromagnetic electrodynamics** code that couples the Maxwell's equations implementation in WarpX with clasical models describing quantum behavior of materials used in microelectronics.

Reviewer: "electromagnetic electrodynamics" sounds  a bit doubly to me :)
```suggestion
ARTEMIS is an advanced electrodynamics code based on `WarpX <https://ecp-warpx.github.io>`__.
It couples Maxwell's equations with classical models describing quantum behavior of materials used in microelectronics.
```

It supports many features including:

    - Perfectly-Matched Layers (PML)
    - Heterogeneous materials
    - User-defined excitations
    - Landau-Lifshitz-Gilbert equations for micromagenetics

> For details on the algorithms that artemis implements, see the :ref:`theory section <theory>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details on the algorithms that ARTEMIS implements, see the :ref:`theory section <theory>`.
```

ARTEMIS is a *highly-parallel and highly-optimized code*, which can run on GPUs and multi-core CPUs, and includes load balancing capabilities.

> In addition, ARTEMIS is also a *multi-platform code* and runs on Linux, macOS and Windows. ARTEMIS has leveraged the ECP-code WarpX, and is built on ECP-code AMReX.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, ARTEMIS is also a *multi-platform code* and runs on Linux, macOS and Windows. ARTEMIS has leveraged the ECP code WarpX, and is built on the ECP framework AMReX.
```
